Especially,
cuz now we're bending all these rules and names and terms and all this.
It's like the no people.
I think we there's such an escapism from like the true nature of, of,
of men and women. People don't wanna talk about it anymore.
Like it doesn't exist. It's a denial.
Of biology. It's.
So crazy to me. Well,
it's almost like this whole Kavanaugh thing and all this and I don't wanna even
get into all that it's a Diatri in sense.
But the one thing I will say that I don't think anybody talks about is the
sexual and social psychology of men and women.
Nobody wants to talk about when you are developing as a young teen,
especially a boy,
and you're learning about sexuality and you're confused and embarrassed and
scared and the way that men and women interact in that year from,
in those years from like ELVE to like 16,
it's insanely unstable because women are not as, uh,
not as hormonalally aggressive technically at that time than men are. Right?
So these men are hormonal freaks and they want to do things with these women,
but they're not supposed to kind of, and it's like, kind of okay.
And they don't know how to do it.
And they're these weird blurred lines of women wanna be accepted and cool in
their com in their circles. So, you know,
it's like when someone hooks up with someone early on when poop,
two people hook up young and it's like, Ooh, and it's sketchy and weird.
And sometimes the girl gets labeled a. You know what I mean for no,
for no reason. It's like, oh, she's a. Like I remember there was a girl in my,
when we were what, um,
juniors and she was dating a year and they had had sex you're right.
And it was like, she's a SLU. It's like, she's not a.
Everybody wants to do this thing. But there are these weird subset rules,
but every guy that does it, that's just what we want to do. But I don't,
we there's no explanation over like how we got to the point of getting
comfortable there because men are just these horny freaks that don't know what
to do with the thing.
So there are so many blurred lines of sexuality and relationships at that age.
Nobody wants to talk about it. Well.
It's also the Puritan culture and religion. Right? Right.
There's two things that set women up in this terrible place where if they given
to their hormonal urges, they're somehow tainted. Right. You know, you,
when I was in high school, everybody knew this and I'm sure you knew this too.
Everybody knew Catholic school girls. We're the biggest.
Freaks. First time I had anal Catholic school girl, Paula <laugh> first.
And second time because they're, they're suppressed. Yes.
They're you're making diamonds. Okay. Yeah. You're taking that carbon.
You're putting it under a mountain and a Diamond's gonna come out of it.
<laugh> you know, I mean it's Catholic school girls. Right.
And it's all over the country. Where' up? Chicago. Chicago. Yeah.
Jamie Columbus. Yeah. Catholic school girls. Oh, I went to Catholic school,
so yeah. Oh, talk to us. <laugh> to tell us.
Right? Yeah. I mean that some of 'em, uh.
Yeah, be nice. Be nice. But they like what.
They were under underneath their jumpers. Sometimes they had shorts on.
Sometimes they did. Yeah. Yeah.
But there was a, there was a marked difference suppression, right?
Between Catholic school girls and regular girls. Yep.
Yeah. Well, I mean, I, the public school girls around me would,
is it a whole different thing? So most of them are private school.
Girls where I was outside.
The biggest freak that I dated during my high school years was a girl.
It was a wonderful girl, but she went to an all girl Catholics. Of course.
She was suppressed completely. Yep. Yeah. Yep.
So when you hold someone a cage like that, what do you think is gonna happen?
It's like, of course when they get out, they're gonna have.
Like wild animal, go nuts. This girl was nuts, man. She was wild.
But that's but that's so that's what I'm saying. No one wants to talk about,
and again, I'm not trying to dive into Kavanaugh,
but people and they do crazy sh when you are,
hormonalally at your beginnings and you're confused and weird.
I mean guys know when guys start masturbating, it's this disgusting,
weird secret, creepy, gross, sad,
like undercover secret that you, yeah. You don't.
Tell your friends in your school. Oh, so panics.
Off. So, and all of that is swirling inside your head, over sexuality.
And then when you do get the chance with a girl it's uncomfortable,
it's awkward. It's weird. Again, not talking about whatever he did.
I'm just saying you're already in this weird state of men are up when
they're sexually reaching this new peak of their life,
that they just wanna like jerk off and come and. And how much.
Information are they getting from their parents? Zero. Almost.
No, almost none. Almost none. Almost none. That's the thing.
How much guidance are the game? So you don't know border, you don't know rules,
you don't understand. And also our society perpetuates.
If you wanna be real honest,
our society perpetuates this weird pulling push of like, you know,
no, I don't want, you know, that song, baby. It's cold outside.
You know that song. How's that going? The Christmas song of baby,
just stay for a, a and really should go. It's cool outside.
It's a Christmas song. What song is this? You know what it is?
Jamie knows what the I'm talking about. Know? Yeah you do. Are you sure?
It's a Christmas song and it's, it's called baby. It's cold outside.
But the Christmas song about rapes a hundred percent.
It is really I'm dead serious. The, the here he's playing it.
Didn't you play it on YouTube or will we get in trouble?
I really can't stay. Uh, yeah. I can't really.
Is an old, I was trying to see if I can find, oh, it's oh, oh,
I do know this song. I do know the song. Yeah. I.
Really can't stay. Yeah. Yeah. She's saying I gotta go home.
My parents are gonna say the whole time, he's like, come on,
just have one more drink. Just cuz stay out a little bit longer.
Oh, he's trying to lube.
Her up. Yes. And by the way, terrible person,
she ends up staying at the end because she, she wants to be with him the game.
Right? So the thing that nobody wants to talk about at all, and I'm not end,
I'm not saying anything other than this is a perpetuation of our culture for a
long time of like this pull and take and tease a tease is a game that women play
and men play too of like, you know, look at that.
I really can't say it's cold outside. Gotta go away. This evening has been, uh,
so very nice. My mother will start to worry. My father will be pacing the floor.
I'd rather I'd I'd rather, uh, I'd really better scurry.
Maybe just a half a drink more.
That's her finally admitting the neighbors might think what you know,
what's say what's in this drink. Ah, you're.
Very pushy. You know, I like to think of it as opportunistic.
I simply must go. The answer is no. The welcome has been so nice and warm.
My sister will be suspicious. My brother will be there at the door.
My maidens aunt made is vicious. Well maybe just a cigarette more so. No.
So she's like, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Oh.
God. Okay. Fine. Another drink then that.
Took a lot of convincing. Okay. That's the last word that.
Took a lot of convincing. Yes.
How weird. So what I'm saying is when you is that is, oh my God,
this gotta be the 19 hundreds, forties, forties.
Maybe people just rap people for fifties. 52. Fifty2 52. No,
but he wasn't the original 44.
My point is this has been going on forever and it's real and nobody wants to
talk, had.
Nothing to do with the Kavanaugh thing. Right.
And here's the thing about the Kavanaugh thing. You know what I mean.
By that? Oh no. I do know.
Yeah. I mean, but here's the thing.
But even the fact that you have to be defensive right there. Yeah.
Like everybody has to go da what I'm saying. Right. I see what I'm saying.
Right? Right. I'm not supporting rape. I'm not supporting rape.
Even discussing it at all. People were ready to hit you in the head. Of.
Course a rock. Of course there's no conversation.
To be here. There's a woman who had a brutal take on it.
A brutal there's there's two ways we can look at this.
There's a woman who had a really brutal take on this Leah that was on Jordan.
Peterson's uh, Twitter page. If you go to Jordan Peterson's Twitter page,
there's a woman who is, uh, I don't know what she does,
but she talks about how this woman who is accusing Brett Kavanaugh
goes to this predominantly,
or she teaches at this predominantly women's college where 79% of the students
are women. Yeah. The majority,
the vast majority of the professors are women and social justice is the
number one thing that they promote at the school, right ahead of education.
Have everything. When you look at the schools like li of like what it,
it aims to accomplish and how to educate the students like promoting social
justice is one of the primary things. It's the, the first one shy. Yeah.
Above everything else. And,
and the idea is that why would this woman risk everything? And the,
what this woman's take is who's criticizing.
This is that she's not risking anything.
She's rewarded from this a hundred percent her culture. This is a big deal.
And she's very cynical about this. She's like this woman has no recollection.
Doesn't remember how she got home. Doesn't remember where the party was.
But does remember that someone may have tried to do something to her.
You know, I'm not a big fan of,
of criticizing people who come out and say someone did something to them or try
to do something to them. Right. Cause you don't know,
you don't know you're on the outside looking in and you're, you're,
you're trying to pick holes in their story. I don't even know if they know,
cause I don't re I don't hear it is that Yeahmle. If, if you click on the video,
you, you can hear some of what this woman says,
like click on it and play someone with one says 11 minutes long. Uh,
we don't have to notably.
By the lifelong friend who supposedly accompanied Blasey Ford and
presumably might have noticed and.
Remembered. She sounds, sounds like Jordan Peterson. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah.
I kinda't think I can play that. Actually probably get kicked off.
Got a, yeah, its.
Okay. Too new. But the, the,
the point is that like there's only two people that know we really happen and
they don't even know what really happened. Well.
You're talking about something that happened 35 years ago. I mean, if he,
if she said 35 years ago, this guy raped me. Okay. Yeah. That's a different.
Story. Well yeah. Well.
Yeah, this is not what she's saying. Right? What is she saying?
My, from what I understood and by the way,
this is something I distanced myself from. Cuz I, I was just,
it was so overwhelming that I was like, oh God,
that he held her down while the other dude was in the room and he kind of helped
him held, hold her down.
And he had his penis on her or out.
Did he, is that what he's saying? Like let's,
let's find this because people got so were mad and we talked about this the
other day.
Like you should have done research for you discussed a predatorm like.
As, but see that's, what's a I'm not supporting first of all,
I'm not supporting him anyway. I'm not, I'm not standing there saying no, no,
but either none of us. But that's the thing is like, when you talk about it,
someone goes you're what do you, what do you in favor of him?
It like exactly what the are you tied to?
You have to have a conversation about what's going on. Otherwise I'm just,
I'm just a numb.
This is a giant platform. And that if we're discussing in this giant platform,
we should be informed.
I disagree with that because I think that we're just having a conversation.
Yeah. We're just talking about something.
You just happen to be privy to this conversation because millions,
I'm not pretending I am some sort of an export or that I have some sort of
information that you don't, that, that if you have those misconceptions,
let me clear those up right now. I'm a moron talking to another moron. Yeah.
Next to another moron. Theres three morons in this room.
They're all dudes talking. Okay. We don't, we don't know Jack. Nah. You know.
I know what I, I know, I know my feeling of the whole thing.
I know the feeling of the whole thing is that no matter what anybody it's kind
of like, uh, what got in trouble for a norm.
You know when norm when outta trouble, no matter what I think here,
what people are suffering in a bad, bad.
Way. Okay. Here, what it says here, um,
it was shortly the most explosive and surreal confirmation hearing since
Clarence Thomas and Anita hill in, in 1991,
a nominee from the Supreme court was asked if he was a gang rapist and a
blackout drunk while defending himself by describing how long
heed D his virginity, his accuser described him grinding.
Intoinging her mouth covering.
Her mouth and fearing that he was accidentally going to kill me,
going to kill me. Okay. Well that's pretty serious. So if he was,
if he was covering her mouth because she was protesting and he was grinding into
her, right. That's some pretty dark. Yeah.
So the, that, that.
Keep going down a little bit. Yeah. Keep scrolling down please.
Unlike Ms. Hill, 27 years ago,
Dr. Bla a psychology profession in California was treated gingerly and the
polyan so feared. Okay. This is blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But, but,
but that, okay, so that was the.
Thursday AB she became a very human being,
telling a terrible story about judge Kavanaugh,
compelling terms that brought many women to tears and transformed the out for
the Supreme court. Okay. Well, see, that's all I needed to hear.
See that the, the kind of person now, look, I don't know if he did this,
but if he did do this, the kind of person that covers a woman's mouth. Yeah.
That's crazy. That's an extra level of darkness. Yeah.
You're that's not like trying to kiss her. No,
I was trying grinding against each other covering someone's mouth. Right.
That's rape. If he really did that.
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. If it is all true, that's what that is.
That's him trying to hold her back from something.
So, uh, Donald Trump said this, uh, you know,
this famous quote that it's, uh, a tough time for boys, you know? Oh man,
this guy tough time for boys. So a girl made a song.
I've that's.
I heard that song song is actually very catchy. It's a great song.
It's a good song. And I I'm gonna tweet it. But I'm like, when I,
when I was about to tweet it, I'm like people are gonna get so mad at me. Um,
her name is, uh, on Twitter. It's Mercedes,
L Y N, Z. She has a beautiful voice.
And the song is, it's a scary time for dudes. Scary.
Time for dudes. Yeah. Yeah. I listened to it a few times. It's really good.
I mean.
Maybe we could play a little bit of it.
Can we play a little bit of it or we get kicked off of you too? Nah,
Jamie's just shaking his head, shaking.
His, his head. It's just.
That it would get tagged because I'm sure she's trying to monetize. Oh,
she's probably got a, a billion views. So anyway, her Twitter page, listen,
you know, and this is the thing men in particular, you're gonna hear this.
You go, oh, you're supporting this and talking men male bashing.
Give you just gimme a little vow. I can't.
Open up. I windows when I'm home alone.
I can't go to the farm without a shopone. I can't wait for many skirt.
If it's the only one I own, I can't.
Use public. It's look, it's,
she's just going on about how difficult it is to be a girl.
And when you're not a girl, it's not something you consider.
And so all these guys that are like, it's a.
Lot of good truth. She she's like, I can't live on the first floor.
I can't just leave my window open at night. Yeah.
Like all these things are very, very.
True. And it's a good song that she's got. A's beautiful voice. Yeah.
Listen, this is the, this is the whole thing that I think we're,
we're talking about. You're allowed to see,
to see truth on all sides of all of these issues.
I don't think you ever have to be so staunch about anything.
I disagree with people that are so staunch about just being like,
this is the end of, of the discussion. You're only this way or not. It's like,
no, man. I don't know all the stories. I don't know all the truths of,
of that Kavanaugh.
I don't know all the truths of anything that woman coming forward.
I tend to believe a woman that's gonna outta her way.
I don't think she's looking for fame.
I don't think any of the girls that came out for Louisie were looking for fame
and attention.
No one wants attention to have their name Googled and come up with this for the
rest of their life. So I don't, I wouldn't say that. Uh.
See, I don't, I wouldn't.
Say no one. I, I think most people don't want that kind of. Okay.
Okay. You, you know what you know, most people. Okay. You know,
who does want that kind of attention? Uh,
the psycho Apath with the Donald Trump, uh, what's her name?
The porn star with Daniels. Okay. Yeah. I think she,
all she wanted was attention. I'm sorry. I, I like, well,
I thought the guy consensually and all she did was make fun of his penis.
Like she wants money.
Yeah, no. Okay. So she's making money from it.
And she's like in her forties and she's still stripping. It's sad.
It's it's not, but these other women's got kids.
Okta Ford and these other women. Yeah. They're not doing it for the atten.
They don't, she doesn't want she's doing that.
Cuz there is a truth in there of what happened.
And I believe that I don't know what it is,
but I believe there something up that went down and unfortunately we are in the
middle of this. What, what can be done? Who, who knows?
How do we there's no physical evidence or rape or like this? Well,
this's weird gray area. Like what am I supposed to do? This office is this.
Deep understanding of the flaws of the human memory, both his and hers. Totally.
When you're dealing with 35 years ago, if you tried to ask me, you know,
what happened when you and this girl were making out in the backseat of a are 35
years ago? Good luck.